K8SPXC-1358 Add unsafe flags (#169)
percona/k8spxc-docs: docs/operator.md

| ----------- | ---------- |
| :material-code-string: string     | `SmartUpdate`              | 

## <a name="operator-unsafeflags-section"></a>Unsafe flags section

The `unsafeFlags` section in the [deploy/cr.yaml  :octicons-link-external-16:](https://github.com/percona/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator/blob/main/deploy/cr.yaml) file contains various configuration options to prevent users from configuring a cluster with unsafe parameters.

### `unsafeFlags.tls`

> Prevents users from configuring a cluster without TLS/SSL certificates (if `false`, the Operator will automatically change unsafe parameters to safe defaults).

Reviewer: > the Operator will automatically change unsafe parameters to safe defaults
this is not true, operator won't change anything starting from this release. it'll just print error in logs and set cluster status to error

> Prevents users from configuring a cluster without TLS/SSL certificates (if `false`, the Operator will detect unsafe parameters, set cluster status to `error`, and print error message in logs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows users to configure a cluster without TLS/SSL certificates (if `false`, the Operator will detect unsafe parameters, set cluster status to `error`, and print error message in logs).
```

| Value type  | Example    |
| ----------- | ---------- |
| :material-toggle-switch-outline: boolean     |`false` |

### `unsafeFlags.pxcSize`

> Prevents users from configuring a cluster with unsafe parameters: starting it with less than 3 Percona XtraDB Cluster instances (if `false`, the Operator will automatically change unsafe parameters to safe defaults).

Reviewer: actually it doesn't prevent, this flag *allows* users to set unsafe parameters

| Value type  | Example    |
| ----------- | ---------- |
| :material-toggle-switch-outline: boolean     |`false` |

### `unsafeFlags.proxySize`

Prevents users from configuring a cluster with less than 2 ProxySQL or HAProxy Pods, (if `false`, the Operator will automatically change unsafe parameters to safe defaults).

| Value type  | Example    |
| ----------- | ---------- |
| :material-toggle-switch-outline: boolean     |`false` |

### `unsafeFlags.backupIfUnhealthy`

> Prevents running backup on a cluster with [failed health checks :octicons-link-external-16:](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-liveness-readiness-startup-probes/#configure-probes).

Reviewer: it's not just about failed health checks, it allows users to run backups even if cluster status is not `ready`
